Welcome back.
In this video I'm going to show you a couple of starter themes which are really useful to give you a
good head start.
When buildon WordPress seems sell for this class we've built everything from scratch and that's really
a great way to get started and to understand what goes on when building the word pressfield.
However if we build in lots of themes I would just want to get a jumpstart on development.
It's a good idea to start with a word press start a theme on a couple of popular songs are underscores
and bones so a starter theme is pretty much what it sounds like.
It's not the finished end product which you can download off places like feen forest or the WordPress
home page.
It's just the theme in its most basic so char's all the necessary files and folders and a lot of the
requie were press functions such as The Loop and all the templates and the really easy to get started
would solve for the underscores Feme we can click on the Advanced Options an end to simply generate
the theme folder.
All we need to do is add the information such as our theme name and also some of the information like
the log and author which we put into the common section in the E C S S template and then we just hit
generate and can download that and is also a option to add SAS instead of the standard C S S.
So when of a popular theme as well as underscores is the bone star theme.
And just like underscores.
It's free to download and it's real a popular starter theme for word pressfield developers and it is
really worth taking a look at.
If you are planning to build morphemes are built homes for a living.
But one thing to take into consideration when using bowls is they use these just by default.
So if you not too comfortable with us you may need to brush up on that or use a different staff theme.
So just give me a better idea of what's included and which go on to download this theme and then will
take a look at the content and see what's inside.
So it should be is it file so just on if that.
And then if we open it up.
So.
Okay so we've got the likes of the four or four page.
Go to the archives page and things such as the comments the functions the prebuilt index page and the
header and footer as well as many of the pages that we've been creating such as the search page.
The sidebar the single to HP and the style sheets and the whole thing is designed to be customized.
So I would encourage just to use this as the basic starter and then build from there.
So I'll take a look at the index page.
Open it up in your text editor.
You know it's a lot of this is quite familiar.
So I've got the get header peer to peer the top and right at the very bottom should be the get footer
and the get side bar.
There's also the word press loop which risks your pastor.
So he says the Open a loop.
So if we have posts then the loop contents.
There should be plenty of familiar functions such as the Perman Inc.
The title attribute and the title of the page.
In any content.
So whilst building a field from scratch is a great way to learn and a great way to get started.
It's also worth considering using one a starter themes to save you a lot of work.
So that's it.
So you want to show you a couple of these themes to get started.
There's plenty more out there if these two don't suit your needs.
Just do a quick Google search for word pressed out of themes so hold that give me something to think
about.
Thanks for watching.
I'll see you soon.